hello rector tutor friends in this
video I've been presenting you the
resolution of the 5 megapixel camera
of the alcatel 73 pop if we can give this
video program with the c3 camera
pop so friends let's check there
how is the song we can show
that here I have what is my phone and
I have a nice one and what he writes so
I'm going to unblock and good Central America
to my initial screen of my phone
then we can see what I have in the
part of here I have a few that
other games and this part we have games
on-line
I have a minecraft of 2012 some games
of career that I love a lot of
pistols and in this part I have what
are the emails in the techno part
those with social networks
whatsapp twitter
he is for I have what is medium and
here some that back applications we are going to
enter applications we can see that I
I count with melilla boats that is the
truth is a good side
we can notice that the cetrex camera
pop is very good I see it very well what
I see very clearly and then nothing friends
it will only be to check what
is the resolution of five megapixels
and